Hi Yukky.
Hi Yummy.
Yukky, can I ask you a question?
Yeah, of course you can.
Tell me, Yukky.
What is the fucking green and white shirt
you are wearing?
This green and white shirt
is a Wo***burg shirt.
A what?
A Vau Eff Ell Wo***burg shirt.
Weren't you a fucking Sechsen***sick supporter
when we last met?
So I was. But I have changed my mind.
Changed your mind?
Real fans do not change their fucking mind
about who they support.
No matter if they win or lose
I will always support Eintracht Braunschweig.
My idea of being a fan is different, Yummy.
I was a Sechsen***sick fan
but Wo***b*** have now bought Diego.
I'm not happy with the club Sechsen***sick
any more because Sechsen***sick do not buy
expensive star players like Diego.
I want to be a fan of a team
full of expensive star players.
Yukky, this is stupid.
Football is a team sport.
Braunschweig does not have expensive
star players. But guess what:
We won three nil at Jahn Regensburg today.
Yummy, guess what I just heard on the radio:
After half an hour, Wo***b*** are also
three nil up against Mainz null fünf.
Thanks to our new superstar, Diego.
Yukky, may I ask you a question?
Sure, Yummy.
Fucking Wo***b*** are playing now, right?
And you're a fucking Wob supporter now, right?
Why don't you fucking watch the match
or listen to it on the radio?
In Braunschweig we go to the Eintracht Stadion
when we play at home. And we stay there
until ninety minutes are over.
Now that I know that Wo***b***
are three nil up after thirty minutes
it's an easy mathematical operation to work
out
that we will win nine nil after ninety minutes.
So I don't need to watch the match any longer
and can watch Wo***b***'s nine goals
on Sportschau later.
Yukky, do all Wo***b*** supporters
think the way you do?
They do, Yummy. That's why
they often leave the Volkswagen Arena
before the match is over.
Remember, there are so many other nice things
you can do when you already know,
long before the match is over,
how the match will end.
Like what?
Well, knowing that Wo***b*** will win
against Mainz null fünf
I can now go on a ride
on my Volkswagen Bobbycar until
they show Wo***b***'s nine goals on Sportschau.
That's what also many other
Wo***b*** supporters would do.
You fucking Wo***b*** fans stop watching
a match before it is over
because you want to go on a ride
on your fucking Volkswagen Bobbycars?
That's what most VW Ultras like to do.
Oops. Of course I meant to say
That's what most Wob Ultras like to do
in their free time.
It is a really nice Bobbycar
which looks like the Derby model
which Volkswagen sold about thirty years ago.
Yukky, so you do have a Derby?
Well, I mean a Bobbycar
which looks like a Volkswagen Derby?
This is interesting because yesterday,
when our reserve teams played,
the Braunschweig supporters always sang:
WARUM HABT IHR HUREN KEIN DERBY?
So there you have it: We do have a Derby.
Wo***b*** Ultras ride Bobbycars
which look like the Volkswagen Derby.
Yukky, forget about your stupid Bobbycar.
I'll tell you what a real derby is:
Next year,
when Eintracht Braunschweig have gone up
and fucking H***over Sechsen***sick are down
then there will be a real derby.